can two become one flesh 
as thou they they were never seperate?
is it possible?
The riddle that looks unravelable
The mystery that human brain can't comprehend
Arithmetic that great mathematicians can't proof
A thorn in the flesh we have presume we would have to live with
can 1 + 1 ever become 2, so they say
Alot of lives and relationships depends on the answer to this question
Husband would say if only the answer can be yes.
wives would say please let the amswer be yes.
friends, employees, employers, families,teacher, student are all hoping the answer can be yes.
but think about it, is ot possible in this our world where everyone is after his or her self
where self and flesh control our human race
let not forget the aspect of human differences
that is a major player in this whole confusion
where another man's food is another man's poison
even twins that were given birth together still have their differences.
looking at it economically
where our world says if you no get money hide your face.
so you see men putting hands in all sort of things to get money.
friends making is on the basis on what i can gain from my so called friend
employers trying to take advantage of theor employee
employee strategizing to loot employers money
80% of misunderstanding husband and wives have are monetary problems
looking deeper most of the so called marriages we have today are they not because of material things either of the partner sees in the other
even our future builder i mean the teachers
they run after money leaving the subject matter which is impacting knowledge on student
They would sign they were present and even before school closes they are gone to go for another personal business
even up to the universties lecturers they are ready to teach in two three four universities
without considering how such move will affect their students
even government to the masses
they turn the system to a game of who can loot more money while on seat.
and they are ready to do anything
i mean anything killing, kidnapping, lying 
to keep their position
that was just the tip of the iceberg of how mammon is riding on the horse of self to put these world in confusion
How about social differences
the problem of i am introvert, i am extrovert
different persons with different prefeences
oh for me i don't crowd, i love to alone.
i conserve energy been alone
another is saying i feel restless when i don't see people around it's like the world is crumbling down.
imagine husband and wife of such combination
or friends of such combination
that but a few of our world enormous social differences.
cultural differences
the world has over 10,000 languages
and over 525 in Nigeria only
each is having their unique beliefs and values
from the religious angle
quoting from Wikipedia 
there is an estimate of 10,000 distinct religions worldwide.
for the christians over 45,000 deninations
difference religions with different gods
with different laws and pratices
some religion is telling you to killl and all sort of disgusting things in order to please your god while another is telling to maintain prace at all cost .
what a confusion
these are just but few highlights of some many differences present in our world today
the permutation and combination of all these individuals differences will result in infinity
the emerging problems we face today
hatred, divorce, corruption,deceit, betrayal  are all birthed from these differences.


